my name is Julie Alexander clots I'm
German and I went to high school in
Bremen which is called luminous skin
nauseum Raymond I'm originally from here
and I studied in I you be how it was
called then or Jacobs how it's now
history and theory of art and literature
that was my first major and my second
major was integrated social and
cognitive psychology now I'm in
hannaford at the musical Shula and I
enrolled in a course a diploma six years
in opera singing lack of sand opera
singing do not relate on the surface
however I learned here that you can do
anything you want you can do anything
you put your mind to and scale new
heights meant for me to do that which I
always wanted to do and here during my
undergraduate program I learned that it
was not going to be literature our
philosophy or art or psychology it was
going to be opera and because somehow
the spirit of Jacob's inspired me so
much to really go about it and try it
and really want it and really have the
attitude and the also motivation and the
methodological background to do it I
just had the guts and the courage and
the curiosity to do something else and
also I must say that I studied a
humanish program here as a first major
and it meant dealing with beauty and it
meant dealing with also issues of truth
in art and doing so I felt that I had
all the or combining this idea with the
knowledge that I had the potential to be
an artist myself
I understood that I have to take this
path I have to at least try i can always
fall back onto the things i learned here
i can always do a masters a PhD I can do
anything I want so I have to at least
try to follow this possibility this
potential this talent this motivation to
become a person who brings beauty and
truth in art artistic trees to other
people